Ye Rulong, what do you want?
You don't think I'm coming here alone, do you?
Not so sure
How to control the overall situation
Ye Shao is a threat
Dharma Protector, I've made it clear
The Chu family where Ye Tianci is located
The signing meeting is being held by the richest family in the building
This time, I specially brought the owner's building, Longque.
This piece is in line with the owner's mind.
You can feel all the joys and sorrows of the owner
Then we'll know if the owner is real or fake
At the same time, help the owner restore all memory and strength
Let's go yeah
The Pearl of the Temple
Count you
Yes, standing behind me
It is the number one capacity reserve in the world
Temple hahaha
What if it's a temple?
Except for the three guardians
And the supreme electron
other people
Xing Ruge really didn't release the indulgence sword